I’m no love dr but I always love to fantasize about love, especially about you. When you are loved you can do anything in creation. When you are loved there’s no need at all to understand whats happening because everything happens within you.

 I’ve made some mistakes in life that I’m really not proud of but I vow to develop understanding and compassion in me, so I can become an instrument of peace and love, to help society and the world.
 
 There is no right and no wrong, but right is right and wrong is wrong. I want you to know and understand that i know and understand that I’m wrong… I know exactly where I’m wrong in all areas… Love might not be what we think it is. We all seek the happiness that comes from loving and being loved, yet we often find ourselves dissatisfied in our relationships and unable to grasp the cause.
 
 Training is needed in order to love properly, and be able to give happiness and joy, you must practice deep looking directed toward the person you love. Because if you don’t understand this person, you cannot love properly. Understanding is the essence of love.
 
 Understanding is love’s other name. Understanding someone’s suffering is the best gift you can give another person. Without understanding love is an impossible thing. The first element of true love is loving kindness.
 
 The essence of loving kindness is being able to offer happiness. You can be the sunshine for another person. You can’t offer happiness until you have it for yourself. So build a home inside by accepting yourself and learning to love and heal yourself.
 
 Learn how to practice mindfulness in such a way that you can create moments of happiness and joy for your own nourishment. Then you have something to offer the other person. The second element of true love is compassion.
 
 This is not only the desire to ease the pain of another person but the ability to do so. The third element of true love is joy. If there is no joy in love it is not true love. The fourth element is equanimity or freedom. In true love you attain freedom.
 
 My future love will have freedom. The freedom to love who she wants to love. It is not my intention to keep her trapped with me she can have other friendships/relationships…
 
 I honestly do not mind. We can also call it inclusiveness or nondiscrimination. In a deep relationship, there's no longer a boundary between you and the other person. You are her and she is you. your suffering is her suffering and vice versa. Your understanding of your own suffering helps your loved one to suffer less.
 
 
 suffering and happiness are no longer individual matters. what happens to your loved one happens to you. what happens to you happens to your loved one. In true love, there’s no more separation or discrimination. His happiness is your happiness. Your suffering is his suffering.
 
  You can no longer say, “That’s your problem.” Remember suffering is a choice… You do not have to suffer if you don’t want to. If you can’t feel the love then you should remove yourself from that relationship…
  
  Along with the traditional four elements of true love - loving kindness, compassion, Joy, equanimity and freedom there are two more elements respect and trust.  When you love someone, you have to have trust and confidence. Love without trust is not yet love. Of course, first you have to have trust, respect, and confidence in yourself. Trust that you have a good and compassionate nature. You are part of the universe; you are made of stars. When you look at your loved one, you see that he or she is also made of stars and carries eternity inside. Looking in this way, we naturally feel reverence. True love cannot be without trust and respect for oneself and for the other person. To love in the context of buddhism is above all to be there. But being there is not an easy thing. If you are not there, how can you love? Being there is very much an art, the art of meditation, because meditating is bringing your true presence to the here and now. The question that arises is do you have time to love? The most precious gift you can give to the one you love is your true presence. When you are really there, you have the ability to recognize the presence of the other. To be there is the first step, and recognizing the presence of the other is the second step. To love is to recognize to be loved is to be recognized by the other. If you love someone and you continue to ignore his or her presence, this is not true love. Perhaps your intention is not to ignore this person, but the way you act look, and speak does not manifest the desire to recognize the presence of the other. When we are loved, we wish the other to recognize our presence, and this is a very important practice. You must do whatever is necessary to be able to do this: recognize the presence of the person you love several times each day. Sometimes we feel empty; we feel a vacuum, a great lack of something. We don’t know the cause; it’s very vague, but that feeling of being empty inside is very strong. We expect and hope for something much better so we’ll feel less alone, less empty. The desire to understand ourselves and to understand life is a deep thirst. There’s also the deep thirst to be loved and to love. We are ready to love and be loved. It’s very natural. But because we feel empty, we try to find an object of our love. Sometimes we haven’t had the time to understand ourselves, yet we’ve already found the object of our love. When we realize that all our hopes and expectations of course can’t be fulfilled by that person, we continue to feel empty. You want to find something, but you don’t know what to search for. In everyone there’s a continuous desire and expectation; deep inside, you still expect something better to happen. When you love someone, you should have the capacity to bring relief and help him or her to suffer less. This is an art. If you don’t understand the roots of his or her suffering, you can’t help, just as a doctor can’t help heal your illness if she doesn’t know the cause. You need to understand the cause of your loved one’s suffering in order to help bring relief. The more you understand, the more you love; the more you love, the more you understand. They are two sides of one reality. The mind of love and the mind of understanding are the same.  To love without knowing how to love wounds the person we love. To know how to love someone, we have to understand them. To understand, we need to listen. Sometimes we think that if we have sexual relations with someone else, we’ll feel less lonely. But the truth is that such sex doesn’t relieve the feeling of loneliness; it makes it worse.

Work is love made visible. And if you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work and sit at the gate of the temple and take alms of those who work with joy. And what is it to work with love? It is to build a house with affection, even as if your beloved were to dwell in this house. You work that you may keep pace with the earth and the soul of the earth. For to be idle is to become a stranger unto the seasons, and to step out of life’s procession, that marches in majesty and proud submission towards the infinite. Always you have been told that work is a curse and labour a misfortune. But I say to you that when you work you fulfil a part of earth’s furthest dream, assigned to you when that dream was born, and in keeping yourself with labour you are in truth loving life, and to love life through labour is to be intimate with life’s inmost secret. I just be thinking how much money is enough money? money is numbers and numbers never end if it takes money to be happy, your search for happiness will never end… I’m nowhere near rich, I also don’t want you to feel like I’m flexing on you and trying to control you by showing you how much money I have. The truth is that I’m broke...  Being rich is an obstacle to loving. When you are rich, you want to continue to be rich, and so you end up devoting all your time, all your energy in your daily life, to staying rich. Focusing on money takes away the time you have to acknowledge the person you love. I’m interested in what you want to do. What are your goals, where do you see yourself in the work field? What type of work do you like doing? What are your strengths and Talents? There's nothing you can do to make someone love you, There's nothing you can buy, There's nothing you can wager, There's nothing you can ever possibly manipulate to get what is freely given, and that is love. You cannot manipulate love. you can buy someone a whole lot of stuff, and the person can say a lot of times, "I love you for what you bought me." But this is not love. What you did was rent somebody for a short time and they will leave you as soon as you stop buying for them. Do not be fooled by someone who says "I love you". Anyone can say these things and often do. The truth will be in their actions and how consistent they are with them. It will be interesting to see if every time they give you something they want something in return. And another way is for them to give you things and not ask for anything in return. Either one of these 2 methods should raise great alarm and suspicion of this type of person. Because very often these type of people try to sing you a lullaby, and put your mind to sleep, and your good sense, and only leave your emotions awake. This is the way of a manipulator. They take their time to get their prey. I’m a Man, a young man, an original Black Man, and I’m learning what it Takes to be a real man, but what are the duties of a woman? what are the women supposed to do? how do I know I have me a real woman who's down for me and only me? Just because we have sex don’t mean you down for me. I experienced that in my last relationship. For once I’d like to sit down and do things the right way so I can have something to feel proud of, I really don’t need multiple females, I just want that one woman that one lady whos down for me and only me and I’ll stick there by her side through thick and thin I’ll accept her for all her strengths and weaknesses. I’ll be there for her through all her highs and through all of her lows. I just don’t want to be with a girl who got me doing the most. Fighting and going to war for someone who doesn’t respect me or my wishes. 
